okay for the next product we're going to
do in the PS 5 we're taking something
that is notoriously very difficult to
photograph especially on white and that
is glass one being because it's very
shiny 2 because it's clear it doesn't
show up really well on white there's not
a lot of contrast so I'm gonna take a
photo just as is with the PS 5 and show
you the glass jar and then we're going
to add the accent lights and give it
some backlighting some rim lighting you
can get to be able to see kind of the
different effects you can get with
adding separate lights so we're gonna go
ahead and take this first photo
I've actually switched out to a 50
millimeter lens the last lens I was
using was a hundred millimeter macro
lens because I wanted to get real
close-up detail this is a 50 millimeter
lens it's a little bit wider so if you
have a camera that maybe has a zoom lens
on obviously for the the smaller
products you're going to be zoomed in on
the larger products you're gonna zoom
out a little bit but you still want the
camera fairly far one or two feet at
least from the product and a good 6 to
10 inches away from the back of the
background just to give you your best
depth perception so we're going to go
ahead and take a photo of this jar we
are at f/4 a 50th of a second and ISO
400 one thing I wanted to mention we
want the room to be as dim as possible
so the other lights don't interfere with
the light into my studio because it's a
color corrected light so I'm gonna go
ahead and turn the lights off and then
take a shot all right lights are off and
alright so there's just a basic picture
with the glass on the white background
now we're gonna add the accent lights
and see what kind of a difference that
makes alright so all we've done here we
left the glass jar in the exact same
position I've added the al1 accent
lights just kind of to the side and
behind about a 45 degree angle to either
side these are the al1 accent lights and
we're going to go ahead and take a photo
and then I'm gonna move the accent
lights a little bit
and you'll see a difference okay so you
can see the jar now has some highlights
on either side you know it's whatever
kind of look you're going for so we just
kind of play around the lights with the
lights until you get something you're
looking for so now I'm going to bring
the lights a little bit more directly to
the side of it and also because I've
added more light I have increased the
shutter speed to about 200 of a second
so I don't over expose the image and see
how that changes everything
so again just some real subtle
differences the accent lights add just
another measure of flexibility so you
can be a little bit more creative and
get some different looks with different
types of items so next we're gonna do
one more shot but we're going to use a
white item on a colored background and
show you how that works all right so now
we've put in here with the gray
background some white candles they're
slightly off-white but they still would
not show up very well on the white
background so we've put in the gray
insert and we're going to take a photo
with that turn the lights off again and
and there you go so a completely
different look very simple to change out
the backgrounds there's other neutral
colors there's black there is a lighter
gray there's green blue red and whatever
you need and once again we've added the
accent lights just to give you a
demonstration of how adding some the
accent lights can just kind of change
the look and feel of the photo so we've
again position them to the side and
slightly behind the candles go ahead and
take a shot and you can see how there's
that RIM lighting gives it that edge
just a completely different feel and
adds that flexibility